(upbeat music)
Alright, now we gotta work
on the individual SliceMasters pages
and this is something you should be able
to do on your own right now.
So I'm gonna invite you to try to,
when you click on one of these slice masters make this page,
do all the querying,
all the looping, all of that good stuff and then like
if you got it you can skip this video,
if you'd like to see how I come up on it,
then let's get going.
So, what do we need to do?
Well, we need to make a component
that is a template for this page
because we're not gonna manually make each single page,
we are going to be creating...
It'd be kind of cool and this is what Next.js does
is if we had like a pages directory,
a source, pages and like,
we had like a folder called slicemaster
and then we had just like a star dot JS or person dot JS,
and it automatically pick that up for us,
that would be really neat,
like a kind of file based routing,
but Gatsby doesn't have that, at least not yet,
I'm not sure if they're planning on that.
So what we need to do is go into our Gatsby node,
clear all the data, loop over them, create the page,
which is very much like we've done with the rest of it.
So you can actually sort of like piggyback
on our function right here, turn slicemasters into pages,
because we have already queried all the slice masters,
and we've already looped over them.
So we can actually go in here
where we wrote this little To Do,
turn each slice master into their own page.
So that's what we will do right now.
Well what do we got here?
Data dot, what do we call that?
Slicemasters, slice masters.forEach slice master.
And we'll go in here, say actions.create,
what was I creating?
Node createPage.
Remember we did that right here.
So createPage.
And the template will be,
we will resolve the...
Actually we have to create it first, so hold on a sec here.
Let's go into our templates directory,
and let's actually just open up Pizza.js
and just save a copy of Pizza.js
and make it Slicemaster capital S
singular Slicemaster.js
And then let's just take out the Pizza Grid,
let's take that out,
let's sorry, let's just take everything out here,
let's just do a paragraph hey,
then we'll rename the Single Pizza Page
to slicemaster Page
and destructure the slicemaster.
Yeah slicemaster and then
let's take this query,
out for now.
Okay and then we'll go back to our Gatsby Node and resolve.
We need to go into the source, template, Slicemaster.js.
Oh, that shouldn't be template,
that should be component, sorry, component.
Other things we need to do is pass it a path,
so it's gonna be /slicemaster/
make this backtick so we can interpolate the slug
of the person
slicemaster.slug.current.
And then we also wanna pass some context to that,
or the name of the person is the slicemaster.person,
and the slug is the slicemaster.slug.current.
Alright, let's go ahead and kill our process here.
Restart it.
And let's just see if these pages are being created for us,
or if we get any errors that we need to fix.
Oh, a bit of an error popped up here.
Oh, data.slicemasters.forEach is not a function, okay?
So that means this is wrong.
Slicemasters.nodes,I always do that, always do it.
Alright, we'll kill it,
start it again.
There we go it's up and running,
now, if I refresh,
we do get a page,
we get an error here, cannot access property, oh yeah.
Slice masters cause we're trying
to destructure slice master here
when we haven't...
We don't have a query.
So let's just take that whole thing out, Save it,
there we go.
Okay, so if we go to any slicemaster now,
we should see a page that's been created
and if we go to a page that doesn't exist, we should see,
we have pages for every single slicemaster, okay?
So next up,
we need to create a query for that specific person.
So we will export const query is equal to graphql.
And then in here we will query and we expect somebody
to pass us the slug
and of course our context will be passing us the slug
and we'll use that slug to query the specific person
for that, so there'll be a String that is required,
then we'll ask for a person which is really sanityPerson,
where the slug.current is equal to the slug value,
slug variable that was passed in.
Alright, then for each person, you know note their name,
note their ID,
note their description,
and we want their image, which has an asset,
which has a fluid.
And we're going to give ourselves a big picture
of the slice master.
So a thousand pixels
and max height of 750 PX.
And then we want ...GatsbySanityImageFluid.
Alright, let's go to one of our slice masters pages,
let's go to Slick himself
and then we will destructure data
and let's just console.logdata,
data.person, here we go, there's Slick himself.
So we can, destructure this a little bit further,
we could destructure the person like that
and then console.log the person, here we go.
We're seeing it, okay, cool,
now what I need to do is just return a div...
I'm gonna just give it a div of the class of center.
And then in that we need Gatsby image
or a person fluid is equal to person.image.asset.fluid,
let's see if an image shows up,
there he is and loads,
underneath that we'll have the h2
span with a class of mark on it.
And then inside of that, we say person.name,
that's working on the file underneath
that paragraph tag, person.description.
Beautiful, I don't need any more CSS added to that,
so actually we can get rid of this importing
of styled components
and that is our single slicemaster page.
Good job.